Iterator return values are especially useful if you want to delegate your generator.
So essentially what you can do is use a generator function and delegate to other iterators inside of
that generator function.
So to really show you what I mean by this and make three generators in this case I'm going to do function
star make color iterator like so and I'm just going to yield ROW and then yield Baloo and then I'll
make another generator so the function then start make number iterator like so and I'm just going to
yield one and then I'm going to yield two.
And after that I'm going to do a function and we'll call it make combined iterator.
Then I'm just going to yield and the way that we delegate is with the syntax of using yield and then
a star.
And this will allow us to delegate to other iterators.
So in this case I'm going a delegate first to the make number iterator so you make number iterator and
then after that and into yield star make Kolar iterator and then after that I'm to skinny yield true.
And after that we can make our iterator Sodhi let iterator equals make combined iterator combined iterator
like so then we can just do a bunch and next we'll do counselled a log iterator dot next like so you
know I'm going to copy this would be 1 to 1 to 1 1.
Now as you can see what happens whenever we call next is a yield but in this case we're using yield
the mystar.
So it's going to delegate to the iterator over here the make number iterator first.
So it's going to yield and continue to yield.
Using this iterator until it runs out of values until it's done.
And so after we yield 1 in 2 then it's going to go from here the next time we call next and it's going
to yield from the make.
Color iterator so it's going to delegate to the iterator inside of this generator function.
It's going to yield red and blue.
Once this is done then it's going to go ahead and go inside of our make combined iterator and yield
true.
And then after that we are done iterating.
So this is pretty interesting it allows us to delegate to other iterators until they're done yielding
or until we decide to put something like a return statement.
So for example if I threw in a return statement right here.
Whoops if I spell return correctly you'll see that this finishes out early.
So in this case we only yield 1 and then we exit the function so we never get to yield 2.
And then we make color iterator and the same thing would apply if we did something like for example
throw errors or anything like that.
So a great way to add some more flexibility to your generator functions.
And on top of that from the outside this appears to be this generator function right here that returns
an iterator appears to be returning all of these values itself it appears to be yielding all of these
values itself.
But once you link in the function body you see that it's actually delegating to other iterators.